fix json and add clarity about what's required (#909)
cloudevents/spec: discovery/spec.md

```
{
  "servicefilterattributes": [ "name", ... ],
  "pagination": true
}
```

The following additional constraints apply:

> - The list of feature names are case sensitive.

Reviewer: are => is? Or rewrite.

Author: "fearures" -> "features" on 585

Author: went with "the feature names are case sensitive"

> - The `servicefilterattribute` MUST be present, and MUST have at least the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The `servicefilterattributes` property MUST be present, and MUST have at least the
```

Author: fix

Author: I think this is different. This is talking about filter attribute names, but the previous one is talking about feature names. But I did reword the sentence per your previous comment.

>   `name` attribute in its list. The list of attribute names are case sensitive.

Reviewer: Remove the second sentence here, given that it's already above?

Author: I think this is different. This is talking about filter attribute names, but the previous one is talking about feature names. But I did reword the sentence per your previous comment.
